# GreenCart
## Sam Lonneman, Andrei Ursu, Sebastian Valdes
### Introduction to Software Engineering University of (Florida, Spring 2024)

## Abstract
In this project, we have developed a web application that allows the user to receive personalized recommendations that will help them live a more sustainable lifestyle. Climate change is a real and serious phenomenon, and all members of society will have to play their part to mitigate its effects. However, it is often difficult for individuals to find out where to start. An individual’s personality can impact their willingness to take certain steps towards sustainability.  Furthermore, individuals often have extraneous factors in their lives that limit their choices, such as allergies or financial limitations. Our app, GreenCart, allows the user to receive recommendations tailored to their circumstances. Users can register for an account with a username, email, and password. After registering, they will fill out a questionnaire with their preferences and allergies. Once this is complete, the user account is created, and they can freely log out and log in to this account. The user can log in with their username and password. The user can also generate tasks based on their preferences, and accept as many as they wish. These tasks are generated by Google’s Gemini API. Another page allows the user to track the progress of their current tasks and share it to others via email. To assist with completing tasks, a built-in product search is available to find sustainable alternatives to their current product choices. As tasks are completed, user profile data is updated, further tailoring recommendations to the user’s needs. The user also has access to a user profile page that contains their name, email, and other data. This information can be updated as the user sees fit. Finally, a link is provided to a feedback form to allow the user to give feedback on their experience. This feedback form will help the app improve consistently, as user suggestions can be taken into account whenever updates are made to the app.

## Documentation
For detailed documentation including installation instructions, please see our [final report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lnoT9-2Tch5aPx39EAAjnlUdIa2xj28CbcN6_xdCxp4/edit#heading=h.5tdddfk619bz) and [video demo](https://youtu.be/c15xfM_lWpc).
